Optionally include the pipeline script in the hub when pushing your distiset (#762)
argilla-io/distilabel: docs/sections/how_to_guides/advanced/cli/index.md

### `distilabel pipeline run`

> We can also run a `Pipeline` from the CLI just pointing to the same `pipeline.yaml` file or an URL pointing to it and calling, or pointing to a python script containing a distilabel pipeline, using `distilabel pipeline run`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can also run a `Pipeline` from the CLI just pointing to the same `pipeline.yaml` file or an URL pointing to it and calling `distilabel pipeline run`. Alternatively, an URL pointing to a Python script containing a distilabel pipeline can be used:
```
